docs(Grid): Add KB for programmatically row selection and scroll to row (#2484)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-scroll-to-selected-row.md

## Description

> I want to [select a row in Grid]({%slug grid-selection-row%}) programmatically based on some program logic and conditions. I want after that to scroll the Grid to the selected row so the user can see the selected row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I want to programmatically [select a row in the Grid]({%slug grid-selection-row%}) based on specific conditions in my code. Once selected, I’d like the Grid to automatically scroll to that row so it’s visible to the user.
```
I suggest this change, because in my opinion the description would be more fluent and natural.

## Solution

The solution to select programatically a row in Grid and scroll to that selected row, depends on the Grid configuration.

### Grid with **[paging feature]({%slug components/grid/features/paging%})**

1. Ensure the Grid is on the same page as the selected row.

> 1. Invoke a JavaScript to make the browser scroll to the selected row into view. The browsers provide the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/scrollIntoView" target="_blank">`scrollIntoView()` method</a> that does the scrolling. You can find a selected row in the grid markup by the `k-selected` CSS class it has.

Reviewer 2: Also, invoke a JavaScript what? Function, maybe?

```suggestion
1. Invoke a JavaScript to make the browser scroll to the selected row into view. The browsers provide the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/scrollIntoView" target="_blank">`scrollIntoView()` method</a> that does the scrolling. You can find a selected row in the grid markup by its `k-selected` CSS class.
```

             RowHeight="40"
             PageSize="@PageSizeInVirtualization"
             Height="300px">
    <GridColumns>
        <GridColumn Field=@nameof(Employee.Name) />
        <GridColumn Field=@nameof(Employee.Team) Title="Team" />
    </GridColumns>
</TelerikGrid>

@code {
    #region  Parameters

    private TelerikGrid<Employee>? GridRef { get; set; }

    private List<Employee> GridData { get; set; } = new();
    private List<string> Employees { get; set; } = new();

    private IEnumerable<Employee> SelectedItemsInPageMode { get; set; } = Enumerable.Empty<Employee>();
    private IEnumerable<Employee> SelectedItemsInVirtualization { get; set; } = Enumerable.Empty<Employee>();

    private string SelectedEmployeeInPageMode { get; set; } = string.Empty;
    private string SelectedEmployeeInVirtualization { get; set; } = string.Empty;

    private int PageInPageMode { get; set; } = 1;
    private int PageSizeInPageMode { get; set; } = 30;
    private int PageSizeInVirtualization { get; set; } = 20;

    private int GridDataCount { get; set; }
    private int AllDataCount { get; set; }

    #endregion Parameters

    #region Event Handlers

>     private async Task ValueChangedInPageMode(string newValue)

Reviewer: Based on a convention, the event handler names should start with a verb.
```suggestion
    private async Task HandleSelectedRowPageMode(string newValue)
```

    {
        SelectedEmployeeInPageMode = newValue;

        if (!string.IsNullOrEmpty(SelectedEmployeeInPageMode))
        {
            SelectedItemsInPageMode = GridData.Where(item => item.Name == SelectedEmployeeInPageMode).ToList();

            //Find and set the page where is the selected item
            int itemIndex = GridData.IndexOf(SelectedItemsInPageMode.First());
            PageInPageMode = (int)Math.Ceiling((double)(itemIndex + 1) / PageSizeInPageMode);

            await Task.Delay(20);//Simulate network delay so the page can be set and render in the browser

            await JsInterop.InvokeVoidAsync("scrollToSelectedRow");
        }
        else
        {
            SelectedItemsInPageMode = new List<Employee>();
            await Task.Delay(20);//Simulate network delay
            await JsInterop.InvokeVoidAsync("scrollToFirstRow");
        }
    }

>     private async Task ValueChangedInVirtualization(string newValue)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    private async Task HandleSelectedRowWithVirtualization(string newValue)
```

        var data = ((IEnumerable<Employee>)datasourceResult.Data).ToList();
        args.Data = data;
        args.Total = AllDataCount = datasourceResult.Total;
        GridDataCount = data.Count;

        //See more about why this is done here https://docs.telerik.com/blazor-ui/knowledge-base/grid-large-skip-breaks-virtualization
        int allowedSkip = ValidateSkip(args.Request.Skip);
        if (allowedSkip != args.Request.Skip)
        {
            await SetSkip(allowedSkip);
        }
    }

    private List<Employee> GenerateData()
    {
        List<Employee> data = new List<Employee>();
        for (int i = 1; i <= 100; i++)
        {
            data.Add(new Employee()
                {
                    EmployeeId = i,
                    Name = "Employee " + i.ToString(),
                    Team = "Team " + i % 3
                });
        }
        return data;
    }

    #endregion Data Generation

    #region Models

    public class Employee
    {
        public int EmployeeId { get; set; }
        public string Name { get; set; }
        public string Team { get; set; }
    }

    #endregion Models
}
````

## See Also

> * [Grid row selection]({%slug grid-selection-row%})

Reviewer 2: Apply title-style capitalization throughout the list of links.

```suggestion
* [Grid Row Selection]({%slug grid-selection-row%})
```
